adds group reflection (#344)
Spitgranger/SyncMaster: docs/Design/SoftDetailedDes/MIS.tex

\section*{Appendix --- Reflection}

The information in this section will be used to evaluate the team members on the
graduate attribute of Problem Analysis and Design.

\input{../../Reflection.tex}

\begin{enumerate}
  \item What went well while writing this deliverable?
    \\
    \\
    In this deliverable, our team was able to delegate tasks and
    manage our time more effectively.
    The stakeholder was engaged to show progress on the prototype and
    obtain feedback that
    influenced the design.

  \item What pain points did you experience during this deliverable, and how
    did you resolve them?
    \\
    \\
    One pain point the team experienced was determining the specific
    technologies which would be the most appropriate
    for the clients problem. One example was deciding the AWS modules

>     to use, such as choosing an EC2 instance or using AWS lambda scaling to 0.
>     This was resolve through discussion of what the advantages of one
>     tool would be over another. For this particular problem,
>     it was decided to use AWS lambda with scaling to 0, as the
>     application could scale down to save cost during non-work hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to use, such as choosing an EC2 instance or using AWS lambda.
    This was resolved through discussion of what the advantages of one
    tool would be over another. For this particular problem,
    it was decided to use AWS lambda because it makes it easy to scale 
    to 0 instances when not in use, and the application is only expected to
    be used during working hours, so costs can be saved by being able
    to scale to zero.
```

    time) into account. This limitation provides reduced visibility
    on the actions of the user at each site,
    which limits its sophistication but increases its simplicity.
    Given more time, the project could be further improved to
    increase the robustness of the verification
    functionality to automatically collect more information from the
    user and consider more complicated edge cases that can arise.

  \item Give a brief overview of other design solutions you considered.  What
    are the benefits and tradeoffs of those other designs compared
    with the chosen
    design?  From all the potential options, why did you select the
    documented design?
    (LO\_Explores)
    \\
    \\
    As discussed above, one design solution that was considered was
    an Amazon EC2 instance due to its widespread use and support
    which would be very maintainable
    after the completion date of the project. However, the benefit of
    an AWS Lambda instance with scaling to 0 was determined to be the
    best choice due to the cost
    saving which it is able to provide,

    Another design decision which was explored was the ability to use

>     presigned URLs that would permit larger uploads than non-presigned URLs.

Reviewer: minor change
```suggestion
    presigned URLs that would permit larger uploads than uploading through API Gateway.
```
